Added new kb article reusing-itemtemplate-listpicker-dotnet-maui (#1181)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/reusing-itemtemplate-listpicker-dotnet-maui.md

---
title: Reusing ItemTemplate with ListPicker in .NET MAUI
description: Learn how to reuse a single ItemTemplate across multiple ListPickers in .NET MAUI using a value converter for dynamic data binding.
type: how-to
page_title: Reusing ItemTemplate Across ListPickers in .NET MAUI
meta_title: Reusing ItemTemplate Across ListPickers in .NET MAUI
slug: reusing-itemtemplate-listpicker-dotnet-maui
tags: listpicker, .net maui, itemtemplate, displaymemberpath, converter
res_type: kb
---

## Environment

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 11.0.0 | Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ListPicker | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova) | 

## Description

> I want to reuse a single ItemTemplate across multiple instances of the [ListPicker]({%slug listpicker-overview%}) in my .NET MAUI application. Each ListPicker uses the `DisplayMemberPath` property but displays different types of data. I want to avoid manually overriding the `ItemTemplate` for each RadListPicker and instead define an implicit `ItemTemplate` that uses a value converter to display the correct data based on the ListPicker's data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to reuse a single ItemTemplate across multiple instances of the [ListPicker]({%slug listpicker-overview%}) in my .NET MAUI application. Each ListPicker uses the `DisplayMemberPath` property but displays different types of data. I want to avoid manually overriding the `ItemTemplate` for each `RadListPicker` and instead define an implicit `ItemTemplate` that uses a value converter to display the correct data based on the ListPicker's data source.
```

This knowledge base article also answers the following questions:
- How to use a common `ItemTemplate` for multiple `RadListPickers`?
- How to dynamically bind the displayed text using `DisplayMemberPath`?
- How to define an implicit `ItemTemplate` in `RadListPicker`?

## Solution

> To achieve this, use a value converter to dynamically bind the displayed text based on the type of data in the `RadListPicker`. Follow these steps:

Reviewer: By describing (again) the goal in the Solution section, you will achieve better SEO. "To achieve this" is merely a reference to something written earlier and doesn't add significant value.
```suggestion
To reuse a single `ItemTemplate` across multiple instances of the ListPicker, use a value converter to dynamically bind the displayed text based on the type of data in the `RadListPicker`. The steps below demonstrate the suggested approach:
```
